Add `lazyRoot` optional property to `next/image` component (#33290)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/image.md

[Learn more](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/IntersectionObserver/rootMargin)

### lazyRoot

> A React RefObject pointing to the Element which the [lazyBoundary](#lazyBoundary) calculates for the Intersection detection. Defaults to 'null', refering to the root Html Element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A React [Ref](https://reactjs.org/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html) pointing to the Element which the [lazyBoundary](#lazyBoundary) calculates for the Intersection detection. Defaults to 'null', referring to the document viewport.
```
